Fix/frontendapi synchronization (#2100)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/deploy/configuring-unleash.md

- **clientFeatureCaching** - configuring memoization of the /api/client/features endpoint
  - `enabled` - set to true by default - Overridable with (`CLIENT_FEATURE_CACHING_ENABLED`)
  - `maxAge` - the time to cache features, set to 600 milliseconds by default - Overridable with (`CLIENT_FEATURE_CACHING_MAXAGE`) ) (accepts milliseconds)

> - **frontendApi** - configuring the refresh interval for when the frontend clients will refresh it's data from the cache. Overridable with `FRONTEND_API_REFRESH_INTERVAL_MS` (accepts milliseconds)
>   ```
>   Example
>   frontendApi: {
>     refreshIntervalInMs: 5000,
>   }
>   ```

Reviewer: I suggest we do it like this to stay in line with the previous configuration options

```suggestion
- **frontendApi** - Configuration options for the [Unleash front-end API](../reference/front-end-api.md).
  - `refreshIntervalInMs` - how often (in milliseconds) front-end clients should refresh their data from the cache. Overridable with the `FRONTEND_API_REFRESH_INTERVAL_MS` environment variable.
```
